hey everybody welcome back northernlion
the finding amides were going for with
number 10 already
give me a loss give me a keeper run it's
not gonna be one of those it could be
blue baby judas actually like also dicey
i wanted to go for a character that was
a little scarier qc1 g v 7 v 2 again we
got 3 numbers 5 letters sometimes it's a
good sign obviously I'm being facetious
but at the same time am i yes I am but
am i yes okay so what are we looking for
here I guess to be honest with you the
dream is we use the d12 on this room to
turn some of the rocks into tinted rocks
and then also have TNT right next to
them that we can blow up but the odds of
this working are pretty low we also have
like the burning basement on the cellar
which is just the most annoying possible
set up in Earth's short history I choose
it right up against this rock we can
choose if that's all good for one penny
it's not particularly great in the
hindsight but hey we did get one penny
out of it and that takes us to five
cents theoretical chance that we could
live long enough to get a spirit heart
and then use the spirit hearts that
carry us to greatness pill can't be bad
or it can't be can be fatal
we got to be careful that key is very
important key equals shop equals spirit
heart equals we survived except there's
no spirit heart in the shop which is
something that I think it's just variant
that's been happening an awful lot
lately and making me feel like I'm not
the happiest camper in the world buy a
bomb the bomb gives us access to tinted
rocks which is potentially worth it I
honestly think I'd rather use book of
Belial right here than on the boss fight
I'd rather use it on both and hopefully
we'll get an easy opportunity to do so
but I was like pretty confident I was
going to get hidden I never remembered
those guys do one full heart or or not
certainly the champions do one full
heart but they might all do one full
heart
okay easy money there's a bomb we still
have not seen any tinted rocks and we're
not going to get a charge which is a
super bummer
but okay you got six cents now we place
the bomb that allows us to get to
another bomb and something else it could
have blown up it didn't get anything out
of it jeez Louise this is a dry start
man we should really look for a second
secret room in the hopes of getting
something important there you know
health-wise Wow
at least it's I mean I I recognize that
by saying this I itseems like I might be
dooming myself to death but I think we
played this floor about as right as you
can get and yet I do find myself a
little frightened about what the future
holds here and should be honestly I
almost got hit I can't even see the poop
because it freakin blends in with the
ground so much just get dusted well and
truly far away from me please thank you
polly dak with another horf pill who
cares dude this is the weirdest Judas
start we played it right the last thing
we can do to just try to play it even a
little writer is ya horf our way into
the secret room and then the secret room
okay now admittedly has taken us up to
19 cents and at this point I think we'd
be willing to invest in not worrying at
all about what we get from our well I'll
tell you what take this try to earn more
than you spent we lost one penny in the
process and accidentally bought a pill
and got a ticket I was gonna buy that
anyway and I was going to buy this
anyway so I'm out I wasn't going to buy
deep pockets because we couldn't afford
it and and also the key and you know
potentially the card as well so I'm out
of here I I will here you can't tell me
nothing on that floor we played it right
didn't necessarily turn out as awesomely
as I would have expected and we still
are suffering from the standard problems
of being Judas right now without any
guaranteed way out of the situation
to be honest with you but so I mean you
can see some of the stuff that I'm eager
to see here as well like for example
there is a tinted rock all we need is a
single bomb to be able to access the
tinted rock we were able to buy a bomb
on the last floor I used it foolishly to
try to improve our run when I should
have saved it for the potential of you
know modest future gain but who knows
that will probably give us a golden
chest that gives us a bomb when we play
it anyway so really like we got to look
out for number one on this run because
they're not given us the we're not given
us the tools we would normally consider
nearly essential for survival here so we
will go to the item room unless we get
enough money to justify going to the
shop instead in the hopes of getting
either a bomb or a spirit are the odds
of us having neither of those are zero
percent which on this run means they're
at a hundred percent because apparently
health is a lie help come on come come
on I want you to hit I don't want you to
hit me I want you to get hit by me one
more one more
problem solved friendzone is okay we did
have a run it was our last run it was
kind of built on the attack fly for the
early stages of it but it's not
something I'd like to really roll
long-term if I could get the opportunity
to go with something else like for
example our tears I would prefer to use
those to deal damage we're one cent away
from being able to possibly get our
spirit art not only gives us peace of
mind guarantees us to deal with the
devil more or less and also gives us all
thank God also gives us the ability to
take a deal with the devil that doesn't
give us HP without dying in the process
so yeah I'm eager to see what this
tinted rock holds and now we got like
ridiculous numbers of bombs
straight up we should not have come to
this room we should have just gone to
the tinted rock first tinted rocks
actually but 100% we've earned this win
if we win this run which is still you
know we're very much early on here but
if we're able to pull out a win we
deserve it just due to the terrible
nature of how things have looked here
from the start I mean of course we're
Judas we got that extra damage but we I
mean I shouldn't even act like HP is
guaranteed with two tins of drops
because obviously the first one didn't
pay out the second one did and the risk
of sounding ungrateful is still not a
whole heck of a lot one spirit art is
like the low end of possible payouts
there the secret room I'm tilting myself
here for the secret room gave us nothing
either so dude let's just move on this
is getting ridiculous to be Judas and go
too slow to make to feel like you're on
pace for boss rush is kind of hilarious
that's that's a rarity for certain but I
mean even if we take one hit we
shouldn't take our deal with the devil
so let's curse to the blind anyway
that's right so maybe we should have
taken our HP before we came in here but
we'll see we'll see what we get and we
eat what we like what's that apple crisp
by karin some one of those Apple Jacks
not apple crisp it's one of those cereal
brands razor blade okay so that was
horrible and it was an HP upgrade so we
could have taken something else but we
go down to the next floor at least
having deal with the devil precedent but
yeah man that sucks but that's the point
of that curse to some extent is to throw
your equilibrium into a bit of a tizzy
so I'm just happy we lived honestly and
after we got the deal with the devil we
didn't want it's actually good that we
got HP so we can use that HP to
basically pretend that nothing ever
happened
I'm used to used to do this runs kind of
being settled one way or the other by
now usually you're either dead or loving
it the Leslie Nielsen film about Dracula
that's dead and loving it can't help but
feel that there would be worse things
about this run right now than it just
being over with but obviously we're
trying to hold it together just get
rattled son thank you okay what are we
looking for I mean I really don't want
to go to the boss trapper or mob trap
room yet I want to get free I want to
get for you I want to get free ride into
the Sun she never loved me she never
loved me she never loved me why should
anyone come here come here come here
I'll take your photo for you it's been a
while since I listened to get free by
the vines as featured of course
prominently in the young adult classic
agent Cody Banks filmed in Vancouver and
Burnaby British Columbia Wow from
downtown dude I'd prefer not to spend my
only key to that's exactly what I was
hoping would happen so I mean I was
willing to do it but I'm glad we didn't
have to because we basically that's the
greatest stroke of luck we've had on
this run so far you know what you know
would salvage this run you're darn right
better play of course not no having more
numbers in the seed that's the problem
so home the seed is two alphabetical Oh
analogical
we have not really improved at all not
just in hurricane play over the course
of many years but we haven't improved
the the quality that's run at all
we got default stats the only thing
we've gained is deal with the devil
precedent and a little fly baby that
sometimes does something but isn't
really bringing the heat all I thought
we could squeeze through there I hate
this I hate this you got to go dude this
is actually what I picture hell to be
like for me at least it's just non-stop
like pretty bad Isaac runs there is
another we need a bomb to get to oh no
it's moved now okay we need a bomb to
get to this I will take it because we
have to oh my god it's special rooms I
didn't think that they existed but it
turns out the legends are true Chewie
we're home an item room in the shop 11
minutes Caves 1
despite being Judas no HP let's keep
this dream alive teamwork makes the
dream work
who's my on my team here I don't know
all of you watching out there in YouTube
land hopefully so we want to buy a
spirit art for survival and we want to
buy whatever else we can get we are
working towards Beelzebub thankfully and
for eventual eyes pretty nice if we
survive that initial hit and of course I
don't know why I was talking like you
know we have any chance in the world to
get a spear at art obviously there's no
spirit arts for sale because that's that
would imply that we live in a nanny
state where people give you what you
want sometimes instead well you got to
do is create your own spirit art out of
the ether when they don't give you any
freaking tinted rocks no problem no
problem really is what it is just a
normal good old
situation then we got nothing to worry
about here as we head into a big room
why would you be scared heading into a
big room on an alternate harder
difficulty version of the standard floor
that you're already underpowered for we
should I mean this could be the end of
our lives so thank you revenge fly I
don't really want to walk through these
guys you know oh man oh geez oh man
there we go this room also is garbage
I don't know what I need here that helps
a lot thank you the stain is not the
worst enemy we could be fighting right
now I actually wish at this point we
hadn't taken deal with the devil
precedent almost every time and I don't
that's like the least mild or sorry the
least exaggerative exaggeration i've
ever made but almost all of the time
deal with the devil president ends up
being more of a positive than a negative
just this situation in particular that's
horrible we did not beat the odds but we
did get a luck upgrade so let's head
down to the next floor with a chance at
an arcade and one HP has Dudus no spirit
hearts because Pierre and I do not exist
yeah well maybe if you went to a shop
you could have gotten so I went to all
the shops you know maybe if you blew up
the tinted rocks you could have got well
I blew up all the teams of drums well
maybe if you didn't get hit twice
despite having never improved your DPS
over the course of the first three
floors well you know what you got me on
that one might have we would have been
able to preserve the first spirit our we
got but but we got hit once or twice so
you know what I guess I have no defense
to offer here
that was bad but we kind of have to I
don't want to say play chicken but we
got to be a little aggressive no did it
work
we got a half heart she waited to see if
we could get like dark Judas and then
gotten three spirit outside of it was
dude what what is this run it's actually
just straight-up garbage and I mean that
in the best like it it actually has outs
which I respect and appreciate it as
sincerely is like a mustard I like it
has these orbitals that actually do
damage without that this would maybe be
one of the worst runs I've had in like a
couple months with those there is a
conceivable world a dimension out there
in the multiverse in which I actually
come out with a win here we don't need a
whole heck of a lot because you never
need a whole heck of a lot you know we
got three thousand hours in this game
most of the time you know if we could
just get like nine lives might be enough
even with junk junk almost everything to
be honest with you all we need is a
renegade nine lives to show up would be
in a great spot hey a single spirit
heart ever wouldn't be the worst thing I
completely spaced on the fact that we're
still like one hit away from dying from
any champion ever
we're also on the fourth floor which
means we're more than halfway to getting
to the womb where any hit from any enemy
will kill us so rarely like very very
very rarely well you have one HP when
you go to the womb but I suppose it is a
theoretical possibility it's something
that could happen okay I let him get a
direct hit there I can't really pretend
like that one's not on me good work team
good work the hanged man okay well to be
honnest with you
I think you look at the hanged man and
you go well that's free access to the
curse room although we will die if we
get hit once after that point but the
curse room presumably a chance to give a
spirit hearts it's very tempting could
also get three cents and extra HP there
as opposed if we needed it so we found
our special rooms to Ken hey you know
there are perks to having one HP we
don't have to come up with a novel
strategy to make it inside of our boss
trap room that'll just you know we're
pre-approved and we need it let's see
what we can actually get going on here
okay
iron bar it's a modest and I do mean
modest damage upgrade so we now can no
longer fall back on having no damage
upgrades instead I have to say we have
one damage upgrade but it's not that
good and it takes a little bit of the
punch out of my ax out of my punch bowl
here please no Greaves how we just
fought you I get that I instantiated you
like by blowing up a statue or something
but still do there's two breeds on one
floor it's getting absurd here it's
getting ridiculous
I just want to I actually could not have
constructed a run in which spirit arts
are less likely to exist I don't know
how like every shop is not at a spirit
art and then on this floor we got two
Greaves what's a boy to do oh Jesus okay
well step one you blow up the explosive
barrels that way you can't get hit by
them okay and then you're just Dodge and
you do have a 30% chance of a deal with
the devil you might want to deliberately
take half a heart of damage so that you
don't get a deal with the devil because
it's going to be Krampus and I don't
know it's probably gonna be some version
of Krampus that we've never seen before
you've got twenty new attacks and
one of them is he shoots both lasers at
all times any spins around while he does
it so like maybe we want to sanitize our
inputs so we don't get screwed there oh
we didn't get it anyway so that's
nothing to worry about instead we'll
just take hangman down to the next floor
healy is the run of all time this is
like an actual challenge run is like how
long can you live with the based hex
Judas let's not base steps you got a 0.8
damage okay you're right I did get a
zero play a damage increase thanks to
iron bar plus the damage multiplier
innately just from being Judas in the
first place
what's okay we have two hangman I really
didn't want to do that but what can you
do we're probably going to die here I
actually throw myself like on the mercy
of the court I don't know what could
have done to make that happen
I guess the serious answer that I could
give you here is first off I'm sure that
was an entertaining video by isaac
standards secondly i mean i guess we
could have just not taken that hit on
the second floor but good lord that was
awful hey check out this seed let me
know what the path to victory is if
you've managed to find one for yourself
and for now thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button I've set a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time